The other thing that I wanted to
talk about since we didn't really
touch this was how exactly
to use map state and
the specific Vuex helper
map state with a module.
And so with that,
what you're doing is you're essentially,
you get the global state object.
So this is new because previously
we had map state as an array.
And now we have map state as sort of this,
this object that takes in an object,
we call it,
whatever we want that state to be called.
In this case,
we want it to be called stock.
And then we're grabbing
the state object and
then we're grabbing specifically
what we need from it.
So if you look at the helper up here,
you'll see that map state
takes in an object.
You can name it whatever you want a and b,
and this is available as on the context.
So this .a is a state and this .b is
also a state within that component.
And what you're doing is you're
grabbing the state object,
you are accessing
the specific module you need,
and then you're accessing the name
of whatever you need from that.
So states.machine or inventory.whatever
the name or the thing is.
And so that's how you use Vuex helpers
with state in a modularized fashion.
And, That allows you to,
it's really nice because you
get to modularize your code rather
than have it sort of live separately.
The other piece too using
Vuex helpers within a module
fashion cuz we looked at using,
accessing the globalized
store with Vuex helpers.
But now we want to grab
specific modularized actions.
So how do we do that?
It's slightly different from how you
would do map state cuz map state takes in
an object in this case map
actions will take in an array.
And what you'll do here is
you will specifically access
it by doing the module name
slash the action name.
And of course, again from the previous
exercise I showed you map actions
also takes in an object you
can also create an object.
Passing in an object will allow
you to change the name of certain
things which can be really
useful in many instances.
So here we have just to show you a one to
one, we have our store with the various
actions and then here it is what it
looks like in a component itself.
The thing that's really nice about Vuex,
is it also gives you a lot of helpers.
So not only does it give
you the Vuex helpers,
it gives you this concept
of namespace helpers.
So you might notice that when you access
let's go to state because that's a fairly
straightforward example.
If we look at state every time you
want to access state in that module,
let's say you're always accessing machine
or you're always accessing inventory
in a specific component, you have to do
state.module name.whatever the state is.
So state.machine.machineNames.
State.machine.lastService.
And the more state pieces you're accessing
from the store, the more complex that
becomes because it's a lot of extra
code to always write state.machine.
It's sort of similar to writing
this.dollarstore all the time.
We don't want to do that.
So we can actually make it much simpler,
by using this helper that Vuex gives us.
The helpers called create
namespace helpers.
And create namespace helpers allows
you to pass in the module name,
and then you automatically can use object
destructuring to grab the map state and
map actions with the understanding that
you want a specifically namespace module.
So for example, here I am only
accessing inventory, let's say,
and I don't really care about machine or
anything else.
So I can do create namespace helpers
pass in inventory as a string to it.
So it's the name of that module.
And then I can grab map state and
map actions appropriately.
And now, with this, I can actually
do state.stock or state.supply,
which I forget which we called it,
without having to do the dot module check.
So I don't have to do state.inventory..
I can just directly do
state.to grab the object.
And similarly for actions, I don't have to
do the inventory/ fetch from inventory,
I can just do fetch from inventory.
And so this is a nice way of doing things
without you having to repeat yourself
over and over again.